CONTRIBUTING.md, before:


# Contributing

If you want to contribute to a project and make it better, your help is very welcome.

1. Fork the repository https://github.com/portotestersmeetup/portotestersmeetup.github.io
2. Check the open issues that are available to the community and let us know you will tackle it

```
We will only accept PRs previously discussed in the issues section.
```

3. Add your name in the Contributors section in this PR - including the link to your profile - if it is not there already
4. When you finish, open up the pull request
5. Wait patiently for a review
6. If everything is fine, it will be merged and you will see it on the PTM website soon

# How to use your github repository to test

1. Open the url of your fork of the repository - example: https://github.com/yourgithubusername/portotestersmeetup.github.io
2. Go to the settings of the repository
3. Open the options and scroll until Github Pages
4. Select the theme Cayman 
5. Select the branch master
6. Select where your site is published - should be under something like https://yourgithubusername.github.io/portotestersmeetup.github.io/

# First time open-source?

Here is some guidance: https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/

Commit message:

Screenshot when there are UI changes

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:


# Contributing

If you want to contribute to a project and make it better, your help is very welcome.

1. Fork the repository https://github.com/portotestersmeetup/portotestersmeetup.github.io
2. Check the open issues that are available to the community and let us know you will tackle it

```
We will only accept PRs previously discussed in the issues section.
```

3. Add your name in the Contributors section in this PR - including the link to your profile - if it is not there already
4. When you finish, open up the pull request adding a screenshot when relevant changes are done in the UI (if applicable)
5. Wait patiently for a review
6. If everything is fine, it will be merged and you will see it on the PTM website soon

# How to use your github repository to test

1. Open the url of your fork of the repository - example: https://github.com/yourgithubusername/portotestersmeetup.github.io
2. Go to the settings of the repository
3. Open the options and scroll until Github Pages
4. Select the theme Cayman 
5. Select the branch master
6. Select where your site is published - should be under something like https://yourgithubusername.github.io/portotestersmeetup.github.io/

# First time open-source?

Here is some guidance: https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/
