README.md, before:


# How to contribute

If you want to contribute to a project and make it better, your help is very welcome.

1. Fork the repository https://github.com/portotestersmeetup/PTM_PAGE
2. Check the open issues that are available to the community and let us know you will tackle it
3. Add your name in the Contributors section in this PR - if it is not there already
4. When you finish, open up the pull request
5. Wait patiently for a review...
6. If everything is fine, it will be merged and you will see it on the PTM website soon

# How to use your github repository to test?

1. Open the url of your fork of the repository (example: https://github.com/yourgithubusername/PTM_PAGE)
2. Go to the settings of the repository
3. Open the options and scroll until Github Pages
4. Select the theme (Cayman theme is the one used by the website)
5. Select where your site is published - should be under something like https://yourgithubusername.github.io/PTM_PAGE/

# First time open-source?

Here is some guidance: https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/

# Contributors

- Diogo Júnior
- Fábio Barbosa
- Filipe Carvalho

Commit message:

How to create an issue

README.md, after:


# How to contribute

If you want to contribute to a project and make it better, your help is very welcome.

1. Fork the repository https://github.com/portotestersmeetup/PTM_PAGE
2. Check the open issues that are available to the community and let us know you will tackle it
Note: *We will only accept PRs previously discussed in the issues section*
3. Add your name in the Contributors section in this PR - if it is not there already
4. When you finish, open up the pull request
5. Wait patiently for a review...
6. If everything is fine, it will be merged and you will see it on the PTM website soon

# How to use your github repository to test?

1. Open the url of your fork of the repository - example: https://github.com/yourgithubusername/PTM_PAGE
2. Go to the settings of the repository
3. Open the options and scroll until Github Pages
4. Select the theme (Cayman theme is the one used by the website)
5. Select where your site is published - should be under something like https://yourgithubusername.github.io/PTM_PAGE/

# How to create an issue

1. If you have an idea or a critic and want it to be done, open an issue on the repository 
2. Tab issues > New Issue
3. Please post the objective, reason behind this request and if you are available to do it
4. Wait for feedback from anyone in the organization. The community is free to vote and comment

# First time open-source?

Here is some guidance: https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/

# Contributors

- Diogo Júnior
- Fábio Barbosa
- Filipe Carvalho
